# 2018-11-21: Agenda
 * Drm-legacy, status update from FreeBSD 12
 ** Nothing new to report, mostly working. We need more docs, but this is likely as good as it gets. It requires the xf86-video-ati-legacy DDX when using ATI/AMD cards. May also need to add a note about the ‘video’ group so they can use the acceleration. This is true for drm-* and is important to get good performance.
 * Drm-stable, drm-next and default version in 12
 ** What’s today drm-next will be the version for 11.2. (we can retire drm-stable)
 ** Is drm-devel stable enough for 12.0? 4.16 will be the default version for 12, 4.11 will be backup 12.0. Can’t guarantee 4.11 will work for the life of the 12 branch, but will work for a transition period around the release.
 * Different drm ports for different FreeBSD versions
 ** As the number of releases supported by drm drivers increase we need to reduce maintenance burden. It’s not manageable to have the same code branch build for all releases. (Johannes L)
 ** Manage this by creating a 4.16-12.0 (which is locked), 4.16-13. If changes are needed for 12.1 when it comes, we make a 4.16-12.1 branch.
 ** Only drm-devel for current to keep support load manageable.
 ** For each version cut one version. Drm-devel for current. Latest changes land in drm-experimental that we iterate on until it’s ready to become the next drm-devel.
 ** https://reviews.freebsd.org/D18328
 * Release notes
 ** Needs to be written. Niclas to do it, the rest to review. Will be put on github for review, then marshalled in to FreeBSD.
 * Bumping llvm version in mesa
 ** Bumping it to llvm70, running on one laptop for a few hours and things aren’t terrible. More testing needed, especially on AMD. Make go/nogo call next graphics meeting, or sooner.
 ** https://bugs.freebsd.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=230789
 * Input stack - progress update
 ** Not much to report, not much work done on it. Hopes progress made this weekend.
 * Evdev in GENERIC
 ** Committed i386, amd64, powerpc and powerpc64 (i386, amd64 merged to 12).
 ** Other architectures possible, but users need to contact Niclas to get them added.
 * I386 and ppc64 support in drm-devel-kmod
 ** Ppc64: Linux ioremap takes a raw resource, so we needed a bus helper to do the translations on ppc64’s different domains. Changes need to be upstreamed and reconciled with Baldwin’s proposals. Also need some memory barriers needed.
 ** I386 support in and working, as far as we know.
 ** Plan to turn off build by default for i386 and amd64 in the next week in 13.0. Sometime after the first of the year we’ll trim things further in head.
 * Documentation and new wiki page
 ** https://wiki.freebsd.org/Graphics2
 ** New blog here https://freebsddesktop.github.io/
 ** General reorganization to help people understand more easily. This includes a FAQ with the gotchas like DDX matching, tables for supported devices, etc. This is the user-facing documentation.
 ** Will need to have a developer’s resource to help people find things, do testing, understand the general state of things.
 ** Should be in good enough state before 12.0 RELEASE to have the cut-over done. We’ll move old stuff away and move Graphics2 -> Graphics when over the weekend sometime.
 * Testing
 ** CI compile testing to make sure that we still build on each of the supported 12.x releases. Suggested loading modules to catch missing symbols, etc.
 ** Further discussions deferred to next meeting.
 * Mesa 18.3.0
 ** Defer until next meeting. Still in RC phase and patches are available. Needs more testing and we’ll talk about next time.
 ** https://bugs.freebsd.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=233034
 * Quarterly status report
 ** Started new branch in the freebsddesktop repo so we can keep a ‘ticker’ going of important things so we can remember come January when it’s time to do a report. Can be found here: https://github.com/FreeBSDDesktop/freebsd-quarterly/blob/2018Q4/2018q4/graphics.md

# Attended:
 * Niclas Zeising (zeising@)
 * Johannes Lundberg
 * Warner Losh (imp@)
 * Matt Macy (mmacy@)
 * Pete Wright
 * Johannes M. Dieterich (jmd@)

