# 2018-10-17:
 * drm-legacy, what's happening in 12 - status update
 ** Warner has a pending update to drm/drm2 in base to change the package to install. For drm use drm-legacy-kmod for drm2 use drm-kmod on all platforms.
 ** Some really really old devices in drm2 in base aren’t in drm-kmod. We should just document what is affected once we know.
 ** “Generally, hardware that’s 8 or 10 years old or newer works with drm-kmod packages, however, testing it is impossible for the current team. For hardware released prior to 2014, you may need to try drm-legacy-kmod if drm-kmod installed drivers don’t work. Drm-kmod is required for hardware released since 2013. The graphics team only commits to support for hardware released in since 2013. If you have hardware supported by drm-kmod, you are strongly encouraged to use drm-kmod because its support is much much better.” -- Note to add to UPDATING and release notes.
 ** Loader blacklist is in the tree
 ** Bsdinstall hasn’t been updated to try to install drm-kmod.
 * collaboration and project management tools
 ** Tried Asana but found it lacking
 ** Trello to be evaluated soon
 ** Github may have a track issues w/o owners that Niclas can use to know what to do next, Kanban style, as well as keep team updated on others.
 ** Kanblanflow.com
 ** Gitlab?
 * xf86-video-ati and drm-legacy (pr 231884)
 ** These were updated a couple weeks ago. There’s a regression for drm-legacy and xf86-video-ati this PR covers. Amdgpu support was quite old and was updated and the ati driver was updated at the same time. We may need to bring back the old ddx port to use with drm-legacy because newer versions of the driver aren’t compatible with the new xf86-video-ati, so there will copy the old version of xf86-video-ati to xf86-video-at-legacy for people still using drm-legacy as a favor to the old user affected by this issue.
 * drm-devel-kmod regressions and stolen memory
 ** In review right now. First round or two of comments have been dealt with, but it’s not quite ready to commit yet. We can merge to stable/12 if this isn’t complete before the branch. Could do it in the driver, but doing it early boot works around a bug in many BIOSes that require doing it early. Plan A is to get this in, Plan B is to do it only in the driver. We’ll decide in the Nov 7 meeting which plan we’ll do.
 ** Johannes L will ping reviewers to check the code.
 * mesa and testing protocol
 ** Need to move mesa to llvm70 (pr 230789)
 ** Do this at the same time as gecko, but that team proceeded more quickly, so mesa needs to catch up as quickly as possible so we don’t need two different versions of llvm.
 ** Need to have smoke / runtime test before committing.
 ** Will need to be merged to the quarterly branch if gecko is merged there as well.
 ** Mesa 18.2 is out and there is a patch submitted to update the port (pr 230298). It’s been lightly tested by submitter, but needs more extensive testing since we’ve had issue in the past with incomplete testing. It’s unclear that we have to have 18.2, and it represents a big risk on the 12.0R timeline. Definitely want to do it post 12.0R, however.
 ** Testing Protocol needs to be discussed between Niclas and Johannes D to establish how to test big updates to the graphics stack (x server, mesa, and other big things) to mitigate regressions discovered after they are rolled out.
 * Wayland
 ** Was updated w/o approval from the graphics team. Not worth fighting to revert, but now requires EVDEV in the kernel now).
 * input stack
 ** We want to enable EVDEV by default so we can use libinput (required by Wayland)
 ** Need much testing on a lot of different input devices
 ** There are reports of regression with things like ddb> prompt that need to be investigated before people will be comfortable turning EVDEV on by default in GENERIC.
 ** libinput/EVDEV enables a lot of additional devices and it’s desirable to have. Linux moving this direction, so we’ll encounter additional friction the longer we delay in resolving these issues. Taken together, it’s a no-brainer we want this.
 * Quarterly status report
 ** We’ll setup something on the current freebsd-graphics github. Niclas wil set it up.
 ** We’ll start with the meeting minutes and write them to be a higher level and briefer.
 ** Warner to send out each meeting’s minutes to x11@
 * Do we want a mail alias?
 ** Used to be one a long time ago. It’s been removed to non-use. Should we reconstruct it? Do we want it?... No. Not today. Our current lists are fine, but we’ll revisit in the future if that changes.
 * next meeting (time change due to DST?)
 ** Move it to one hour later UTC time so it remains the same local time for everybody.

## Attended:
 * Niclas Zeising (zeising@)
 * Johannes Lundberg
 * Warner Losh (imp@)
 * Johannes M. Dieterich (jmd@)

