# 2019-01-30: Agenda
 * Bumping LLVM version in mesa
 ** We’ll keep using a mesa specific LLVM define, and in the future move to the global ports tree one.
 ** Redoing work after unexpected ports tree changes.
 * Input stack
 ** Update libinput to 1.12.6. Will be pushed tomorrow or after FOSDEM.
 ** Updates to evdev: libudev-devd and epoll-shim
 ** need to be update. Will be pushed shortly after libinput.
 * Sway
 ** Deferred until next meeting
 * Deorbit legacy drm from base
 ** Diffs done, resolving phabricator issues to put into review. Timeline 1-2 weeks behind earlier published timeline.
 ** Everything except the TEGRA device needs will be removed.
 ** arm/arm64 future plans are firming up, will be discussed at FOSDEM and we’ll publish a report next meeting.
 * DRM kmod progress update
 ** Will defer for Johnness Lundberg’s input next time.
 ** Short version: 4.20 working in graphics FreeBSD source tree, 5.0 changes next, will consolidate changes for linuxkpi changes needed and upstream into base FreeBSD.
 * Quarterly report
 ** https://github.com/FreeBSDDesktop/freebsd-quarterly/blob/2018Q4/2018q4/graphics.md
 ** To be published tomorrow around noon UTC, get your updates in before them.
 * Documentation
 ** Defer until next meeting Pete has been busy IRL and not attending today.
 * PRs
 ** Lots of PRs. “DRM” in Bugzilla. Need to cleanup the ones that against the base system. Many can be closed, some are interesting. Category is inconsistent..
 ** https://bugs.freebsd.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=231354
 ** Need to consolidate between github graphics issue queue and the bugzilla PRs which are split between base and ports. Clear policy needed. Niclas to think through things and socialize ideas at FOSDEM.
 ** Need to audit the graphics ports for proper license since many PRs have it.
 ** Get guidance from portmgr on the really old, not quite regular, licenses from the x11 stuff.

# Attended:
 * Niclas Zeising (zeising@)
 * Warner Losh (imp@)
 * Manu Vadot (manu@)
