# 2019-01-02: Agenda
 * Bumping LLVM version in mesa
 ** Will do local version and try to merge to quarterly branch. Next quarter we’ll use infrastructure version unless there’s issues.
 * Input stack
 ** Deferred until next meeting
 * Deorbit legacy drm in base
 ** Warner to send mail Jan 3rd to x11 proposing a Feb 1 removal of the “easy” stuff
 ** Feb 1: remove dev/drm and the parts of dev/drm2 not used by arm. Remove module makefiles entirely.
 * Sway
 ** Deferred until next meeting
 * Quarterly report
 ** Will work on over the next few days
 * Mesa 18.3
 ** Would like to see AMD system testing, will be a few days before we can do it
 ** Otherwise deferred until next meeting.
# Attended:
 * Niclas Zeising (zeising@)
 * Warner Losh (imp@)
